This concludes the first course of the Udacity cybersecurity nanodegree.
At this point, you should have a good idea why
cybersecurity is so critical in today's world,
and what it means to be safe and secure online.
In the course, you learned what it means to maintain a secure infrastructure and
administer a system that meets industry security standards.
Then you got to think like a hacker in assessing high-level risks,
vulnerabilities, threats, and attacks.
Once you know how a data breach may happen,
you need to enable adequate defenses,
which was covered in lesson 5.
With all of this knowledge,
you practiced applying cybersecurity on a sample system using a case study.